so let us write a recursive Function isPalindrom which takes
the string str start index start and end Index end
as parameters and returns an integer which will be the
result of the checking first in the function we need
to write the base case
That is when Start Index is greater than or equal
to end index
Then we can stop the recursive calls and return one
So write if start is greater than or equal to end
then return one
Otherwise we need to compare the first index character and
last index character
So write if str of start is equal to
str of end and if they are equal then we
need to call the function Recursively by passing the
string Incremental start index and Decremented end index so
write isPalindrome of str comma start plus
one comma end minus one and if they are not
equal just return zero as the string is not palindrome so write else return zero.